README.md, before:

# SirBook Project Database

This repository contains the database implementation for the SirBook Project, a social networking platform.

## Project Overview

SirBook is a social networking platform designed to connect users through posts, comments, and interactions. This repository focuses on the backend database structure and operations, ensuring efficient data storage and retrieval.

## Features

- User authentication and management
- Post creation and management
- Commenting system
- Reaction tracking
- Profile management

## Technologies Used

- MongoDB
- Python
- PyMongo

## Collaborators

- **Zyad Hany** - Backend Developer
- **Ibrahim Adel** - Frontend Developer

## Getting Started

To get started with the project, clone the repository and install the necessary dependencies.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/SirBook-Team/SirBook-DB
cd sirbook-db
pip install -r requirements.txt


## Contributing

- We welcome contributions to improve the project. Please fork the repository and create a pull request with your changes.

Commit message:

Update README.md to include collaboration guidelines and license information; add LICENSE file

README.md, after:

# SirBook Project Database

This repository contains the database implementation for the SirBook Project, a social networking platform.

## Project Overview

SirBook is a social networking platform designed to connect users through posts, comments, and interactions. This repository focuses on the backend database structure and operations, ensuring efficient data storage and retrieval.

## Features

- User authentication and management
- Post creation and management
- Commenting system
- Reaction tracking
- Profile management

## Technologies Used

- MongoDB
- Python
- PyMongo

## Collaborators

- **Zyad Hany** - Backend Developer
- **Ibrahim Adel** - Frontend Developer

## Getting Started

To get started with the project, clone the repository and install the necessary dependencies.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/SirBook-Team/SirBook-DB
cd sirbook-db
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Contributing
We welcome contributions to improve the project. Please fork the repository and create a pull request with your changes.

## Collaboration
We encourage collaboration and are open to contributions from developers of all skill levels. If you have any ideas or suggestions, feel free to open an issue or contact us directly.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.

## Additional Resources
For more information, please refer to the documentation.
